README.md, before:

# puzzle-solver-regular-dodecahedron

Creating a tool that solves the puzzle I have. It is similar to a rubik's cube, but instead of a cube it is a "regular dodecahedron"

## How to serve app:

- `npm run serve`
- then open http://127.0.0.1:8080/

## How to run app while developing:

- `tsc -watch` if you have typescript installed globally
- `npm install` and `npx tsc -watch` if above command does not work

## Images

![Parts](./assets/two-flowers-with-4-part-pentagons.svg)
Actual current state of my toy:
![My actual toy](./assets/state-of-my-actual-toy.svg)

## References:

- [Svg element that I used](https://www.w3schools.com/graphics/svg_polyline.asp)
- [How I chose the naming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_dodecahedron)

## Naming:

- regular dodecahedron - the shape of this toy
- puzzleToy - variable name to use for the actual toy
- crease - the part where the toy moves. 4 of which this has
- face - the flat surface 12 of which this shape has
  - collateral face - a face that stays the same but moves to new location after rotating a specific crease.

Commit message:

add "build" and "watch" scripts to package.json and update README

README.md, after:

# puzzle-solver-regular-dodecahedron

Creating a tool that solves the puzzle I have. It is similar to a rubik's cube, but instead of a cube it is a "regular dodecahedron"

## How to serve app:

- `npm install`
- `npm run build` when code changes
- `npm run serve`
- then open http://127.0.0.1:8080/

## How to run app while developing:

- `npm install`
- `npm run watch` will listen for changes in ts files and rebuild
- `npm run serve` so you can open http://127.0.0.1:8080/

## Images

![Parts](./assets/two-flowers-with-4-part-pentagons.svg)
Actual current state of my toy:
![My actual toy](./assets/state-of-my-actual-toy.svg)

## References:

- [Svg element that I used](https://www.w3schools.com/graphics/svg_polyline.asp)
- [How I chose the naming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_dodecahedron)

## Naming:

- regular dodecahedron - the shape of this toy
- puzzleToy - variable name to use for the actual toy
- crease - the part where the toy moves. 4 of which this has
- face - the flat surface 12 of which this shape has
  - collateral face - a face that stays the same but moves to new location after rotating a specific crease.
